3. Service Administration 
        eMail Accounts
        Proxy Service
        Unix Accounts
        eMail Alias
        Samba Accounts

Story H1(eMail Accounts): On the front end a user(Mail master) can get a link to manage , the services in ICT of which is the user email accounts.

The mail master by accessing to this link on the web application he can manage Mail Account, Adding Mail Accounts, Removing Mail Accounts, managing Mail Account Service Add in requests, customize the different "mailboxes" view (on all accounts during login) and others similar to this group.

Story H2(Proxy Service): A proxy administrator can get a page for setting a permission and denial of  access for the available proxy users in the university.

The  proxy administrator can manage user accounts to get Proxy services of which is the Internet in  a listed form with the available service permission and add ins being in a check box  following the user list columns.

Story H3(Unix Accounts): With a page for setting the users on the UAS system to be Unix users  a system administrator is provided a page to manage users in and make them Unix users.

System Administrator is able to reload  all or selected users to be Unix users with all the privileges and user profiles settings to be set in the Unix user administration and the users to be set being listed in a form with all the options as a check box to set users the required privilege.

Story H4(eMail Alias): The mail master can create aliases can be created on the mail system using a single form page which have the ability to set aliases based on the available users. 

Each e-mail alias must  forward e-mail messages on to each e-mail address defined.  This form can also be also be used to create generic e-mail addresses such as webmaster@example.com and info@example.com. 

Story H5(Samba Accounts): System Administrators are provided a page to mange users in atabular columnar check box options to check and and un-check whether users will be samba users or not.
With enabling users to be Samba Accounts, Windows Users are benefited with getting access to print and file and even other network services enabled to be managed by UAS system administrators.  
