#by yemane

A user(Administrator/user/secretary) can modify/change/delete/a user account setting

Story B1: An administrator can manages users disk quota
       *an Admin can mange  disk quota if a user need more quota disk for his 
Story B2: An administrator can mange users forgotten password 
       *an Admin can mange and Change password for a selected account

Story B3: A administrator can ask users status 
       *an Admin can ask a user current status 
	Account status determines whether a user can log in and receive mail. The account
         status is displayed when account names are listed.

The following account statuses can be set:
	
Active. Active is the normal status for a mailbox account. Mail is delivered and users can log into the client interface.
	
Maintenance. When a mailbox status is set to maintenance, login is disabled, and mail addressed to the account is queued at the MTA. An account can be set to maintenance mode for backing up, importing or restoring the mailbox.
	
Locked. When a mailbox status is locked, the user cannot log in, but mail is still delivered to the account. The locked status can be set, if you suspect that a mail account has been hacked or is being used in an unauthorized manner.
	
Closed. When a mailbox status is closed, the login is disabled, and messages are bounced. This status is used to soft-delete an account before deleting it from the server.
	
LockOut. Users who try to log in and do not enter their correct password are locked out of their account after a specified number of consecutive failed login attempts. An account’s status is automatically changed to Lockout. How long the account is locked out is set by COS or Account configuration, but you can change the lockout status at any time. 
Story 


B4: A administrator can mange users 
       *an Admin can mange  disk quota if a user need to get his/her forgotten password.

Story B5: A user can as for Searching for Addresses
a user can use Search and Advanced Search to locate individual accounts, aliases, distribution lists, and resources on the LDAP server. From the search bar you quickly search by display name, first name, last name, the first part of the email address, alias, or delivery address. If you do not know the complete name, you can enter a partial name. Partial names can result in a list that has the partial name string anywhere in the information.

